README.md, before:

# Design Patterns With C#.NET

This solution includes the implementation of more important design patterns. For better separation of patterns, they are categorized into three categories: structural, behavioral and creational, and each pattern is implemented in the form of a separate consular project.

If you find this project useful, please give it a star. Thanks! ⭐

## Creational
Creational Design Patterns are concerned with the way in which objects are created. They reduce complexities and instability by creating objects in a controlled manner. The new operator is often considered harmful as it scatters objects all over the application.

### Builder
Builder is a creational design pattern that lets you construct complex objects step by step. The pattern allows you to produce different types and representations of an object using the same construction code.

## Structural
Structural design patterns are those that simplify the design of large object structures by identifying relationships between them. They describe common ways of composing classes and objects so that they become repeatable as solutions.

### Decorator
Decorator pattern allows a user to add new functionality to an existing object without altering its structure. This type of design pattern comes under structural pattern as this pattern acts as a wrapper to existing class.

## Behavioral
Behavioral design patterns are design patterns that focus on communication between objects and the way they operate together. They aim to improve the flexibility and reuse of software systems by making the relationships between objects more dynamic.

## Getting Started
- Download this Repository (and modify as needed)

To get started based on this repository, you need to get a copy locally. You have three options: **fork**, **clone**, or **download**.

1- If you intend to experiment with the project or use it as a foundation for an application, it is recommended to **download** the repository, unblock the zip file, and extract it into a new folder.

2- **Fork** this repository only if your intention is to submit a pull request or if you desire to maintain a personal copy of the repository in your GitHub account.

3- If you are a contributor with commit access, it is advisable to **clone** this repository.


## Contributing
If you are having problems, please let me know by raising a new issue.

## License
This project is licensed with the [MIT license].


[Microsoft identity platform]: <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/>
[ASP.Net 6]: <https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore>
[ASP.NET Core Identity]:  <https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/tree/main/src/Identity>
[Result]: <https://github.com/ardalis/Result>
[MIT license]: <https://github.com/yapma/identity/blob/main/LICENSE>

Commit message:

- add strategy pattern. - update read me file.

README.md, after:

# Design Patterns With C#.NET

This solution includes the implementation of more important design patterns. For better separation of patterns, they are categorized into three categories: structural, behavioral and creational, and each pattern is implemented in the form of a separate consular project.

If you find this project useful, please give it a star. Thanks! ⭐

## Creational
Creational Design Patterns are concerned with the way in which objects are created. They reduce complexities and instability by creating objects in a controlled manner. The new operator is often considered harmful as it scatters objects all over the application.

### Builder
Builder is a creational design pattern that lets you construct complex objects step by step. The pattern allows you to produce different types and representations of an object using the same construction code.

## Structural
Structural design patterns are those that simplify the design of large object structures by identifying relationships between them. They describe common ways of composing classes and objects so that they become repeatable as solutions.

### Decorator
Decorator pattern allows a user to add new functionality to an existing object without altering its structure. This type of design pattern comes under structural pattern as this pattern acts as a wrapper to existing class.

## Behavioral
Behavioral design patterns are design patterns that focus on communication between objects and the way they operate together. They aim to improve the flexibility and reuse of software systems by making the relationships between objects more dynamic.

### Strategy
The Strategy Design Pattern works by separating the behavior of an object from the object itself. The behavior is encapsulated into different strategies, each with its own implementation of the behavior. The context maintains a reference to a strategy object and interacts with it through a common interface.

## Getting Started
- Download this Repository (and modify as needed)

To get started based on this repository, you need to get a copy locally. You have three options: **fork**, **clone**, or **download**.

1- If you intend to experiment with the project or use it as a foundation for an application, it is recommended to **download** the repository, unblock the zip file, and extract it into a new folder.

2- **Fork** this repository only if your intention is to submit a pull request or if you desire to maintain a personal copy of the repository in your GitHub account.

3- If you are a contributor with commit access, it is advisable to **clone** this repository.


## Contributing
If you are having problems, please let me know by raising a new issue.

## License
This project is licensed with the [MIT license].


[Microsoft identity platform]: <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/>
[ASP.Net 6]: <https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore>
[ASP.NET Core Identity]:  <https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/tree/main/src/Identity>
[Result]: <https://github.com/ardalis/Result>
[MIT license]: <https://github.com/yapma/identity/blob/main/LICENSE>
